#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Lab 3 Problem 2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Activities to do-
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
1.
 What is the meaning of “SPST” and “NO” in the context of electro-mechanical
 switches? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
indent
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
indent
\end_layout

\end_inset

 SPST - Single-Pole-Single-Throw; There is one pole that connects to one
 throw when the toggle is activated.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
NO - Normally Open; The normal state of the toggle is normally open.
 When the button is pushed, that's when current goes through the connected
 circuit.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
2.
 Design a small digital circuit (with Logisim) using basic logic gates,
 so that when this circuit is used with the chosen switch, it will make
 the circuit function as a toggle switch.
 Use the button component in Logisim for this question.
 (Input/Output > Button) The way the button switch operates in Logisim,
 as long as you keep the button pressed an LED or other output signal will
 stay ON.
 When you release the button, the LED or output signal goes OFF.
 Design a toggle switch such that when you press the button once, your LED
 turns ON and then remains ON (even after the button is released) until
 the button is pushed again.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
3.
 Using the text-insert feature in Logisim mention in the circuit the chip
 number(s) (from the 74XX family) that you would use for the circuit and
 identify the pin numbers that would be used by your circuit.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
